#MEETING MINUTES 2015-11-27

# Phase presentation
### Next week, 4th December, 14.30
- timing: 15 min presentation (division of SRS to each member of our team) | 5 min discussion (similar questions as discussed today)
- no slides


#TODO 
- Adopt the SRS changes from below (assign yourself for issues)

- Remove GitHub's content from SVN

- Read through [Klaus Krogmanns Dissertation](https://sdqweb.ipd.kit.edu/publications/pdfs/krogmann2010a.pdf) and work out everything we can adopt into our project

- Examine how Beagle should do its measurements (everything separated or at the same time) (-> Krogmanns Dis.)



# Software Requirement Specification

##Recommendation
The must have and nice to have criterias should be better separated (in regard to the SWT lecture).
Perhaps, some points are mentioned twice.
(Distinction: Functional Req. = How does the software work? || Must Have criteria = How does the users interact/what can they do?
We will not have that much Must Have-criteria for Beagle)

## 1 Purpose and Goals
#### 1.1 Criteria

- P10/	Unclear description. Replace "analyse" with "create"

- P30/	Place it elsewhere or delelte it. (It offers redundant information that can be concluded from P10 and P20)

- Extend optional requirements


####1.2 Boundary
- B40/ 	Can be deleted. Beagle could analyse other programing languages (if it is well designed), but we don't want to specify
(our design would become too generic).



## 2 Application

#### 2.1 Application Field

- Specify in diagram: "execute in Somox"

- A30/	Use motivations of disseration or [TSE paper](https://sdqweb.ipd.kit.edu/publications/pdfs/krogmann2009c.pdf) to get empirical applications of Beagle
(what is the porpuse of Beagle?)


#### 2.2 Target group

- State explicitly, that the typical software architect would not make usage of Beagle


## 3 Environment

- Add point: user must not execute other software in parallel (best case: dedicated server)

#### 3.1 Component model
- Beagle needs source code decorator
environment add: user darf keine anderen programme laufen lassen. am besten auf dediziertem server laufen lassen.


## 4 Data

#### 4.1 Input
- Software source code should be compatible to Java 6

- We have mapping of software componentes. ADD: mapping of SEFFs


#### 4.2 Output
- /D100/ Specify "internal actions" as "cpu resource demanding"


## Functional Requirements
#### 5.1 Measurment

- /F50/	This function produces unnessecary efford to us. Move it to optional NON-FUNCTIONAL requirements.


#### 5.2 Control


- Some features are really pie in the sky, as /OF120/. But they are marked as "optional", maybe they can stay.

- /OF150/page fault

- /OF160/ ADD Problem: During pause, other opened processes may distord results.
How? -> Cpu cools down. Avoid this problem by embedding a warm-up phase after pausing.

- /OF170/ delete

#### 5.3 Result Annotation
- /F240/ change verbalisation: Beagle does not remove information of PCM (e.g.created by SoMoX) (-> it is only adding information)

- OF200/ ADD word: stochastic expression "languages"


##6 Non functional Requirements

#### 6.1 Dependencies

- Clarify if user can do Beagle interaction BEFORE measurement or AFTER (user friendly) or if the interaction takes place DURING measurements


- /OQ40/	Move to Functional! (can be deactivated by user -> GUI!)

- /OQ100/ ->"so" that (missing word)



##7 Test Cases

Much oft our points (tests) are quite similar to integration tests (such as T20), that means they could become unhandy and huge.
Also the question arises, how to verify that the test succeded (no trivial task). We need comparative data (reference measurements of Pallodio).
If we can, we should define UnitTests which do not depend on larger systems. (-> testing small sub-systems).

- (Write tests for a bundle of classes. Depending on the actual classes from the design, we will that probably not get done.)

- Better tests: Easier ones, that are much faster implemented (remember, our SRS works as a contract)

- /T50/, /T60/ 	INTO optinal. Work out T60

- /T70/ 		Specify more detailed. What happens with unreachable/dead code that is situated in the source code to analyse?

- /OT20/ 	If that point stays within the SRS, "invalid input" should be specifyed (".. everything that does not fit the PCM.."). May be removed ("garbage in -> garbage out").


##8 Discussion
####8.2 Challenges

- /C120/		Highlighten the fact that we want to mock here. And clarify that no external call is meant, rather than an internal call that may open the GUI.
(That includes also a reference to the difficult task to mock a GUI. The suggestion that we want only server software to be analysed, may be a good excuse.)

- /C120/ What kind of "components"? -> instanciated PCMs

##Terms and Definition
Make usage of quotes from the [Palladio Paper](http://www.palladio-approach.net/fileadmin/user_upload/palladio-simulator/documents/Introduction-Chapter-PCM.pdf) or papers, in general!

- `component`: wrong quote (not Krogmann!)



#Extension

- Distinguish between re-engineering and reversed engineering

- Replace he/she with "they" if you find it necessary

- Jamopp is just able to analyse projects made in Java 6

- OCL constrains often fail in Palladio. We can not rely on SoMoX, creating valid instances.