#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass sdqthesis
\use_default_options true
\master ../Requirements Specification.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Test Cases
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As Beagle should work with above defined interfaces it has to be tested
 in complete.
 However, this could result into testing the other softwares, which is not
 what should be done, or even worse it could result in not detecting errors
 and failures as they are compensated by other software.
 On account of this two types of tests are needed: one testing the whole
 system with its dependencies and another with parameters put in at the
 interfaces and therefore only testing Beagle itself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Global test cases.
 This chapter specifies the acceptance criteria.
 As it was preceded by the requirements specification chapters, this part
 should define ways to assert the requirements stated above.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
This chapter is an essential part in making the requirements verifiable.
 It will serve as a base for product acceptance and will be useful to track
 progress in the implementation phase.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Make sure to stay at the level of acceptance testing.
 This chapter should never define unit or integration tests.
 (Which don’t make sense anyway, as we don’t have a design yet).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Reference notation is /T#/
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "/T10/"

\end_inset

 First Test Idea
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
